Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, here's the things that you have been tasked to do.
Kostadis Roussos: You have to pacify the Fire Temple, resolve the troll contract, audit and secure the Water Temple treasury, formalize Dren's command, recover the chest of Rao.
Kostadis Roussos: That's what you have to do. Oh, deal with Kelno.
Kostadis Roussos: And figure out who this damn necromancer is, if he's still alive.
Thomas Kolivakis: No, no.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you understand your… do you understand your problems?
Thomas Kolivakis: It's Necromancer.
Kostadis Roussos: I can't hear you, Thomas, can you say something?
Kostadis Roussos: Hello? Live between?
george: Okay, here.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, hold on, it's me. Hold on, it's me.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So let me just, drop the list in the Discord chat so you guys know what your tasks are.
Kostadis Roussos: The first problem you have is Dren.
Kostadis Roussos: Now, Dren approaches you and says, So boss, am I in charge?
Kostadis Roussos: And you notice he's looking at Calmer.
Thomas Kolivakis: I'm the boss.
Kostadis Roussos: Coler says…
Kostadis Roussos: Dren turns to him, I don't think so, Zephyr, my button buddy old pal. Last time I checked, Barkinar art was.
Thomas Kolivakis: I was looking…
Kostadis Roussos: Looking at the cleric.
Thomas Kolivakis: He is our boss.
Kostadis Roussos: Calmer's… Calmer's kind of pleased with himself. I'm the boss.
Thomas Kolivakis: Of course.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, I am the boss. Yes, I am.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so try to influence him about what he want… what he should do with Dretan.
Thomas Kolivakis: On the dread?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, Dren… remember, Dren Halveth is the guy that you guys brought in from… the guy who you say… who you hired from…
Thomas Kolivakis: logging.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, Water Temple, who you saved, he's kind of like the only guy you might be willing to trust.
Thomas Kolivakis: Alright, I'll tell him more.
Thomas Kolivakis: Toldren that, you know, There will be, like…
Thomas Kolivakis: Rocky waters from now on, you're
Thomas Kolivakis: vehicles. But he has to stay close with us, and we trust them for now.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, but he wants to be put in charge of all the Earth Temple forces.
Thomas Kolivakis: Well…
Kostadis Roussos: He, you know, reporting to Calmer, of course, but he wants the promotion.
Thomas Kolivakis: Well, we were happy with his loyalty, so… Of course.
Thomas Kolivakis: We would be okay with him having, certain control of the troops.
Kostadis Roussos: Good morning.
Thomas Kolivakis: To calmer, of course.
Kostadis Roussos: Reporting to Calmer, of course. The rest of you good with that?
george: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Sequoia? Alright, roll a Persuasion with Advantage.
ncroussos: Me…
Kostadis Roussos: All of you, collectively, like, each role.
george: It's reasonable.
Thomas Kolivakis: Well, sick.
Kostadis Roussos: Sequoia… Sequoia, you are as unpersuasive as it gets.
Thomas Kolivakis: 14.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: George?
george: My room is loading.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Nope.
george: Oh, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Did you… were you able to get it?
george: persuasion…
george: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Kostadis Roussos: Did you…
george: street.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so, so what's this… so Calmer… Calmer evaluates the situation and says, well…
Kostadis Roussos: Zephyr, what was your proposal again?
Thomas Kolivakis: So… my proposal, that I… He could lead our troops, I mean, reporting to us.
Kostadis Roussos: But…
Thomas Kolivakis: We need his loyalty.
Kostadis Roussos: Culmer looks at the situation.
Kostadis Roussos: And he says, Yes, yes, I think that is an excellent idea.
Kostadis Roussos: I think that is…
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, yes, yes, I think that is an excellent idea. I think we should hold a ceremony of sorts. What do you think?
Thomas Kolivakis: For sure, yeah, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, wonderful, wonderful. The first thing, though, I think we should do is we should reestablish… we should change our headquarters. I think Hartsch's chambers are far more comfortable than the current ones.
Thomas Kolivakis: Yeah, yeah, of course. You could, lay down camp there.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So,
Kostadis Roussos: You are now… you are now in charge of the Earth Temple… Calmer is now very happily ensconced in Hirch's old headquarters.
Kostadis Roussos: You're beginning, Zinnia role, an insight.
george: And sits.
george: 16.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you are not getting a warm fuzzy about Calmer's current infatuation with his new role.
Kostadis Roussos: But at the same time, you're not sure whether he's just, like, you know, he just likes being in a more comfortable setting. Does that make sense?
Kostadis Roussos: So, you know, it's… his current situation is ambiguous.
Kostadis Roussos: All right. Okay. Alright, so the first thing Calmer suggests is, why don't we look… so, so, Calmer calls a meeting.
Kostadis Roussos: And says, so… so that, he says, well, that's what we can do. I will, he turns to Dren, he says, Dren, yes?
Kostadis Roussos: Dren looks at him and says, yeah? Yeah, boss.
Kostadis Roussos: I would like us to set up a meeting in the Earth Temple for later today. Bring all the troops and announce that there will be changes in the management.
ncroussos: We really want to announce that?
Kostadis Roussos: Roll and insight check, Nicholas.
ncroussos: Okay.
ncroussos: Ain't have a better insight than zero?
Kostadis Roussos: I mean… role in insight.
ncroussos: Anybody have a good insight?
Kostadis Roussos: You, you, you, you, you, you ask your friends, okay, everybody, roll your insights.
ncroussos: Well, never mind, it didn't matter, I rolled an 18.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you rolled an 18?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. So, what you… so, let me just, let me just cut and paste this.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so…
Kostadis Roussos: These are… I put in the Discord chat the tasks you guys need to complete. Do you see them?
george: Word.
Kostadis Roussos: In general, in Discord. I'll cut and paste them and put in.
george: Oh, I assume.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? So one of the things that you realize is that your new management has said you need to do these things. Does that make sense, Nick?
ncroussos: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: So, you know… Much to your horror, you got bosses.
ncroussos: You were supposed to destroy the temple, not join.
Kostadis Roussos: You know?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so apparently you now have bosses.
Kostadis Roussos: Your, your management.
Kostadis Roussos: So, yeah, that's your problem now. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, this is one of the things you… Need to go solve.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, I will just… I accidentally included, some stuff I shouldn't have.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alrighty, so…
Kostadis Roussos: What do you… so, that's what you're gonna do later in the day. What do you guys want to do for the moment?
Kostadis Roussos: You could go look at the Water Temple.
Kostadis Roussos: You could, go look at the Fire Temple.
Kostadis Roussos: You could go, I mean, the Water Temple now is completely unoccupied, so there's probably gold and treasure there that you can plunder, and to the victor go the spoils.
ncroussos: Alright, let's go.
Thomas Kolivakis: That one's gone.
Kostadis Roussos: What? The other one is the Fire Temple. Both of those temples are…
Thomas Kolivakis: Well, Fire Temple's still occupied.
Kostadis Roussos: No, the Fire Temple… well, the Fire Temple's chief cleric is dead, possibly his second in command. You can ask around to see what happened.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, you heard he died, but you don't know exactly how he died, so you can now ask Dren for that.
Thomas Kolivakis: We should first lay the law in the area.
Thomas Kolivakis: Make them know that we're… we're the Chiefs. So…
Kostadis Roussos: Well, that, that, that's been done for the moment.
Thomas Kolivakis: Well, we haven't… we haven't met up with a lot of the new leaders.
Kostadis Roussos: There are no new leaders, that's the point.
Thomas Kolivakis: The fractiple.
Kostadis Roussos: Nope. Nope. You manage… I mean, you can ask Dren what's going on.
Thomas Kolivakis: I asked Dren, shouldn't they… shouldn't they be electing new leaders?
Kostadis Roussos: He looks at you and starts to laugh.
ncroussos: What the fuck you mean, elect?
Thomas Kolivakis: Shouldn't there be? Because right now, I wouldn't want to…
ncroussos: democratic society.
Thomas Kolivakis: All the lawless… Temples around, you know?
Thomas Kolivakis: Stable forces that report to us.
Kostadis Roussos: He, he looks… he's laughing even harder.
ncroussos: How do you think we came into power? By peaceful meat?
Kostadis Roussos: He spoke hypothetically.
ncroussos: Collection?
Kostadis Roussos: Exactly.
Thomas Kolivakis: Alright, Dren, explain to me.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, he's like…
Kostadis Roussos: So, Dren, Dren, sort of… let me just, let me just get up the, let me just get up exactly what happened.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, Well, I mean, here's what happened.
Kostadis Roussos: ALREM… Alremm was trying to summon… Alremm and his only remaining apprentice
Kostadis Roussos: We're trying to summon some fire elemental that they were going to use to kill us all.
Kostadis Roussos: But unfortunately, or fortunately, he kind of looks at it and sort of… you can see him sort of picking his, picking at his fingers with his dagger.
Kostadis Roussos: Fortunately, or unfortunately, depending on your point of view, they failed. And died.
Kostadis Roussos: So, according to the rules, as far as I understand the rules here, boss.
Kostadis Roussos: Clerics can only be rulers of the various temples, and there's currently no cleric in the Fire Temple.
ncroussos: Homeward is not an invitation.
Kostadis Roussos: Calmer goes, I am a cleric of the Earth Temple.
Kostadis Roussos: of the Earth God. I better,
Kostadis Roussos: I will need to go read up on some of the rituals, and so he walks into Hartsch's room and starts looking through books.
Thomas Kolivakis: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, fascinating, hmm, this is very interesting, yes, yes, Dren turns to him and says.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, Dren kind of looks at you guys. So, the way I look at it, or the fi… what the, what, what Barkinar wants, if he's in charge, or Lord Senshock wants, or whoever is in charge of them want.
Kostadis Roussos: is…
Kostadis Roussos: They want us to go and, you know, clean up the mess so that when they bring the new Fire Temple Cleric, he's got a stable situation to start up with.
Thomas Kolivakis: Alright, so that's why I wanted to meet up with the Fire Temple.
Thomas Kolivakis: And, kill the remaining.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, he goes, no, I don't think you understand, this gives us a one-time opportunity to plunder that temple.
Thomas Kolivakis: Hmm, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, like, I don't think you understand the situation. What Barkinar said is, we've got a week to steal whatever the F we want, and after that, he's going to expect things to be run properly.
Thomas Kolivakis: Alright, let's go steal everything.
Kostadis Roussos: And Dren smiles goes, NOW you're talking! Calmer, are you good with that plan? I don't want Zephyr here to be, stepping on any toes.
Kostadis Roussos: Calmer goes, yes, yes! You know, and you suddenly see Calmer's, got some dirt on his face. Just practicing the rituals, just practicing the rituals, and then he wipes the dirt off himself. Nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing to see here.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, shall we?
Thomas Kolivakis: Nope.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
ncroussos: Let's go!
Kostadis Roussos: Let's go. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, to the second level.
Kostadis Roussos: Alrighty. Well, now that your guys are in charge, you can go down the front entrance.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, which is down here.
ncroussos: Don't tell Dad not to yell so much. Dad, don't yell so much.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, well, I don't know why this is not letting me do this, but it's okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, can you…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you guys should see yourselves. Alright. So, which way do you want to go? To the left? Do you want to go in through the,
Kostadis Roussos: So, there's two paths into the Fire Temple. There is,
Kostadis Roussos: just go straight into the Fire Temple, or you can go explore other parts of it. What would you like to do?
ncroussos: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: There's also other parts of the dungeon that you haven't looked at. You kind of get that…
ncroussos: We should go plunder this before we lose the opportunity, too.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, to the temple itself?
ncroussos: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm having some trouble… there we go.
ncroussos: Matt, here's the new plan of how we're gonna take down the temple.
ncroussos: We're gonna bankrupt it.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, all 20 is giving me a little…
ncroussos: Nobody's getting paid.
Kostadis Roussos: Fair?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: And you are the new bosses, right? Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me see what this is…
Kostadis Roussos: 112, that's around.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: There can be no… so do you open the door, Nick? Zach Sequoia?
ncroussos: What?
Kostadis Roussos: Do you open the door? You enter the door. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: You guys walk in.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So, what do you see? Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: There can be no doubt that this huge hall of red granite, lit by scores of flambeau and pervaded by the order of heated metal and sulfur, is the Fire Temple.
Kostadis Roussos: The great doors of beaten brass reflect the leaping flames. Tapestries adorn the walls of the north section, depicting scenes of fire and evil form. Despite the many torches and flaming crescents, the air seems to carry moats of rust-colored luminescence, and the streaks of
Kostadis Roussos: Blue and mica flakes in the polished grinite walls appeared to leap and dance as if flames caught within the rock.
Kostadis Roussos: A brass tube, 20 foot long and 2 feet in diameter, is suspended from the ceiling by chains of the same metal. Just to the north of it is a shallow fire pit, and to either side of the tube are low stands of brass, upon which are many small blocks of charcoal.
Kostadis Roussos: To either hand, east and west, beyond lines of pillars, are great copper cauldrons flanking the main area of the temple. Before each vessel is an octagonal brass table. On each table are 16 bowls and a copper…
Kostadis Roussos: differ.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you keep going in?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: A glance into the huge pots find them filled with some sort of glowing ambered liquid. At the south end of the temple stands a translucent block of golden appetite.
Kostadis Roussos: 3 feet wide, high, and 9 feet long. Appetite is a kind of material.
Kostadis Roussos: So… So if you want to know what it looks like…
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just gonna drop this image here.
Kostadis Roussos: So if you want to look what it looks like, I put it in the Discord chat.
Kostadis Roussos: Did you guys see it?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Very back.
ncroussos: Great stock image.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Thomas Kolivakis: I saw it, I saw it.
ncroussos: Stock image.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I know. Well, I mean, I… guys, when I played this game back in the day, I didn't have access to Google, and so they would use these words. I had no idea what they meant.
Kostadis Roussos: So, I mean, part of it is.
ncroussos: Yeah, like, what the gazebo?
Kostadis Roussos: Exactly!
Kostadis Roussos: Hey, don't laugh, you got confused over what a gazebo is, too.
Kostadis Roussos: A glance into the huge pots finds them filled with some sort of glowing amber liquid. At the south end of the temple… okay, we said that. Skulls grin from its sides, their forms inlaid with hammered gold. Atop the altar is an eight-pointed fire symbol.
Kostadis Roussos: Set in wrought gold. Before this altar is a fire pit of diamond shape, 10 feet long north-south, and 8 feet broad. It appears to be several feet deep, and its bottom is carved with glowing hot coals.
Kostadis Roussos: Tiny forms seem to cavort atop these coals, perhaps small denizens of the elemental plane of fire.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. So…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so, roll and insight check.
Thomas Kolivakis: Insight.
Kostadis Roussos: Nick, your video's off, by the way, if that's by deliberation.
ncroussos: Not real.
Thomas Kolivakis: Not 20.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: The fire in the fire pit… your video's off again, is magical and of evil…
ncroussos: Bro, I turned it on!
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just telling you what happened, man.
Kostadis Roussos: The fire pit is magical and of evil nature. And, your expertise in the criminal mind and the demonic mind tells you that the most likely place for the treasure box is right in that fire pit.
Thomas Kolivakis: Because of the Fire Temple.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, yes, I mean, where else would you stuff your treasure chest, right?
Thomas Kolivakis: Alright, who's… Resistant to fire. Maybe me?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean, Calmer says, perhaps we wish to dump water on it?
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: how much… okay, so Calmer takes some, like, I guess a flask of water? I mean, he goes, should we throw more, or should I just drop this?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yeah, I dropped the water, it's okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, he drops the water, and it causes steam and vapor rises from the coals, effectively causing a wall of fog, not too deep and not too big, which slowly fills the area.
Kostadis Roussos: He looks at it some more and says, well, that didn't, seem to work.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: And then he notices… Something very disturbing.
Kostadis Roussos: The creatures suddenly, in the fire pit, start growing.
Kostadis Roussos: And growing.
ncroussos: I think the fire's growing.
Kostadis Roussos: The creatures are growing, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: You have one round to make a decision. What would you like to do?
ncroussos: Who touched it?
Kostadis Roussos: Calmer goes, I think the water did?
ncroussos: Who the fuck put water in there?
Thomas Kolivakis: Bummer.
Kostadis Roussos: Colomar says, Zephyr told me to do it!
Thomas Kolivakis: Over.
Kostadis Roussos: Whoa.
ncroussos: We don't… you're the cleric, and you should have an ounce of intelligence.
Kostadis Roussos: What do you mean I should have an ounce of it? Okay, so, you guys are spending your time arguing.
ncroussos: Hey, hey, I can get the free action.
Thomas Kolivakis: Well, I can't really do anything here, so… I'll let you guys do something.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, do you want to prepare for anything, or do you just want to.
Thomas Kolivakis: I'll put some at… I'm, like, wind. Actually, no, no wind, no wind. What could I do.
Kostadis Roussos: Colmore pauses and goes, you know, I did read about this just a few moments ago. Seem… well, I didn't read about it, I'm just trying to sound pompous and arrogant, but I do think that perhaps mixing water in the Fire Temple was a mistake.
ncroussos: No shit share lots.
Kostadis Roussos: Come to think of it, that was probably not the best decision we could have made.
ncroussos: Thanks, Captain Obvious.
Kostadis Roussos: He turns to Zephyr. What am I supposed to do with advisors like that?
Thomas Kolivakis: -
Thomas Kolivakis: Not much.
Kostadis Roussos: Zinnia, you have experience in the realms of subterfuge. I shall be looking to you for advice.
george: Yongyoon.
Kostadis Roussos: Sequoia?
ncroussos: Y-don't look at me!
Kostadis Roussos: It's… Team? Team? We're a team, right?
ncroussos: You put water in here!
Kostadis Roussos: P! Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
ncroussos: Good idea, let's put water in the fire, like, what the f- are we thinking?
Kostadis Roussos: mirrors.
ncroussos: That's the thing you know that…
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
ncroussos: You're gonna suggest putting fire in the water temple.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, is that a bad idea?
george: No.
ncroussos: We're getting a new cleric.
Kostadis Roussos: You're backed it!
Kostadis Roussos: It's attached!
ncroussos: What did they even teach you in school?
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Kostadis Roussos: God, you know, I… Alright, roll for initiative.
Thomas Kolivakis: With who? What? Initiative.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
ncroussos: Ivy Fed, talking of the free action.
Kostadis Roussos: I know. Alright, yes, I did say that. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So, by the way, just to make sure you guys know where you are… You guys are right there.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so Calmer just dumped some water in there, the rest of you are kind of, like, standing around it. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: What would you like to do?
Thomas Kolivakis: esteem.
Kostadis Roussos: Calmer is just kind of, like, confused, and he's just sort of standing there. He's not gonna do anything unless you guys have a plan, a better plan.
ncroussos: Run?
Kostadis Roussos: So you're gonna move this way?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so Coyne, move yourself. You've got a round, do something.
ncroussos: Y'all wanna, like, dip?
george: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: But Calmer goes, but the treasure's in there, you said!
ncroussos: You know what else is there? Like, big fiery elementals, probably.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, yes, but if we want the treasure, we have to kill them!
Kostadis Roussos: How are we supposed to blunder the Fire Temple if we don't kill them?
ncroussos: Well, maybe it could be a boom to the Fire Temple!
Kostadis Roussos: Well, yes, but now if the monsters are gonna come out, we kill them, and then we go and grab the treasure!
ncroussos: Yeah, it would have been easier if we didn't put water in the Fire Temple!
Kostadis Roussos: Well, yes, but the damage has been done, we might as well deal with it.
Kostadis Roussos: There was probably a secret way to do this, if I had time to read all of the books.
ncroussos: Well, maybe you should have read, what do you think? We sent you to the library to go read up on this!
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, well, I… well, how about we hide behind the pillars? I suggest I'm going to hide behind the pillars.
ncroussos: Let's go hide behind the pillars.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Sequoia, move yourself appropriately.
ncroussos: I'll move you… I'll move you, VIN, yeah, and Zephyr.
Thomas Kolivakis: Rutt?
ncroussos: I'll move you guys.
ncroussos: Behind pillars.
ncroussos: Winter days young…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Night.
Kostadis Roussos: Sure.
Kostadis Roussos: Smoot. Okay. So…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, 3… the three fire salamanders pop out of the fire pit.
Kostadis Roussos: We roll, they, they stand ready and… sniff the air. And…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so the three firemen… fire filamenters, alright, roll for initiative, gentlemen.
ncroussos: Initiative?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh yeah.
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh, great.
george: Next.
Kostadis Roussos: You roll the 6.
ncroussos: I rolled a pen.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, the 6, Zinnia, my friend, how'd that happen?
Kostadis Roussos: Is that fair? What did you roll?
Thomas Kolivakis: 10.
Kostadis Roussos: You guys used all of your excellent initiatives last time.
Kostadis Roussos: Great, cover… Where it is…
Kostadis Roussos: Armor? 19.
Kostadis Roussos: Okie dokie.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Calmer, I guess, goes first.
ncroussos: So…
Kostadis Roussos: What does he do?
Kostadis Roussos: Calmer is kind of like, gentlemen, why didn't any of you tell me this was going to happen?
Thomas Kolivakis: Well, you could've just thought about it, you know?
Kostadis Roussos: What.
ncroussos: Yo, you did not just… Calmer did not just say that.
Kostadis Roussos: What do you mean?
ncroussos: button.
ncroussos: You put water to the Fire Temple!
Kostadis Roussos: Well, yes, but I… I'm not the smart one, yous guys are the smart.
ncroussos: Yes, you are! By all objective metrics, you are!
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, well, Calmer says, well, this is a full enough option, and he casts Fire Shield on himself.
george: It fired the whole time.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
george: You could have just gone into the fire.
Kostadis Roussos: well, he goes, I am, he, he's… yes, so he casts Fire Shield.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: That's what he is.
Thomas Kolivakis: Shield.
Kostadis Roussos: the fir- Actually, that's a first level spawns, what is it? Fire shots?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, sir.
Thomas Kolivakis: Expo.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, so he casts, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, alright, so now he's… okay, so let me just make sure I know how this works.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so it is… alright, so the attacker takes cold damage when it tries to attack him. Alright, so I will just mark him as yellow so I don't keep forgetting it.
Kostadis Roussos: News now.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Calmer says, That's how I'll deal with him. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: This salamander kind of moves over here. Sequoia, are you hidden? Roll your, stealth…
ncroussos: Did I just say 20?
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Kostadis Roussos: Roll yourself.
ncroussos: FUCKING HELL!
Kostadis Roussos: What did you roll?
Kostadis Roussos: Did you roll a natural 1?
Thomas Kolivakis: No…
ncroussos: I have Lucky, it's fine.
Kostadis Roussos: Natural water!
ncroussos: It's a 20… it's a… it's a 21.
ncroussos: I almost rolled another natural one, I rolled a 2 the second time.
Kostadis Roussos: You know?
Thomas Kolivakis: Good, though.
ncroussos: 21, 21, sorry, 21. 21.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, it's 13, actually, it's not 21.
ncroussos: No, 21, because it automatically gets set to a 10.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, right. Yes, yes, yes, yes. So if you roll a 2, it's a 21, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. Alright, the creature does.
ncroussos: I… I almost rolled another one.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
ncroussos: That would have been really fun.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. Yes. So, just for the record, the particular creature, the particular character who had that had a third D20, and so we all stood there wondering, in the climactic battle, would hit. Okay, so, Zephyr, I presume you're also hiding. Roll a D20. I roll your stealth…
Thomas Kolivakis: Those… Oh, oh, okay, okay. Decent roll. 19?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So… creature… Kind of is… okay, so let's see, let's titheve…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so let me just see what he does, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So it goes over here, but it can't find you. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: The second creature.
Kostadis Roussos: Looks around, and well, Calmer's kinda, like, an obvious target, so he just is gonna go attack Calmer.
Kostadis Roussos: Commerce screaming, ATTACK ME NOW! I am an enemy of all that is, fire!
ncroussos: Holy shut up!
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. He uses isConstrict Altack.
Kostadis Roussos: Saving throw, okay, so I guess I have to, okay. So I have to… Calmer needs to roll a saving throw against, I guess…
Kostadis Roussos: Acrobatics or athletics? Oh, athletics.
Kostadis Roussos: is not grappled. Ha.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, the grappling fails.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: The third creature, kind of… Goes over here.
Kostadis Roussos: And, besides… Alright, Zinnia, roll your stealth.
george: Oops.
george: Seeing exactly.
Kostadis Roussos: 16? Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Since it doesn't… it doesn't notice you, so it attacks Calmer again.
Kostadis Roussos: So it also attacks calmer. What does it do? It attacks, No.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, it attacks with its…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, okay. So it's a strength saving throw. I thought athletics didn't matter, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Calmer once again saves and is not grappled.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, that was kinda crazy. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Zephyr, you're up.
Thomas Kolivakis: Me?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Thomas Kolivakis: Well, these are… Do they have resistance to something?
Kostadis Roussos: Well… Roll, perception check.
ncroussos: Gang, it's the fire, salamander, it's probably with this, it's the fire.
Kostadis Roussos: Roll in our kingdom.
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, you correctly, you look at it, you ponder it, you think about it for a second and go, fire. They're probably invulnerable to fire.
Thomas Kolivakis: What about… A dagger.
Kostadis Roussos: You're asking if they're invulnerable to a, inbound?
Thomas Kolivakis: her body.
Thomas Kolivakis: Is their body made of, like, fire, or is it, like…
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, no, it's a… it's a… whatever it's made up of, it can be hit by weapons.
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay, so I'll attack it by then.
ncroussos: and it'll die, that's the question. Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Poking it… poking it causes damage.
Thomas Kolivakis: What's it, JC?
Kostadis Roussos: 15.
Thomas Kolivakis: I hit.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So you move in to attack?
Thomas Kolivakis: And for my second attack…
Kostadis Roussos: Weird.
Thomas Kolivakis: 2 seconds.
Thomas Kolivakis: I hit again for…
Kostadis Roussos: Don't forget, you get a,
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just make sure, I think you're an assassin, right?
Kostadis Roussos: So, as an assassin, you get a special ability on a creature that has not yet attacked.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, sequoia's a firm.
Kostadis Roussos: Just make sure, let's make sure you've got your feats.
Kostadis Roussos: During the first round of each combat, you have advantage on attacks against any creature that hasn't taken a turn. If your sneak attack hits any target during that round, the target takes an additional 8 damage of the weapon's type.
Thomas Kolivakis: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Takes an additional 8 damage.
Thomas Kolivakis: I thought it was a sneak attack.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, so you, in addition to your sneak attack, you add.
Thomas Kolivakis: What? Since what?
Kostadis Roussos: That's… that's what the ability of an assassin is, you just haven't been using it.
Thomas Kolivakis: -
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Thomas Kolivakis: And my sneak attack is 46, so I'll add that.
Kostadis Roussos: So… Right, 4D6 plus 8.
Thomas Kolivakis: 25… 33 damage.
Kostadis Roussos: 33 damage?
Thomas Kolivakis: Final bonus tiger attack.
Kostadis Roussos: Huh?
Thomas Kolivakis: Which gives me a total… 42 damage.
Kostadis Roussos: 42 damage. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: 42 minus… 48, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Zinnia, Europe.
george: Good.
george: O… How far am I from,
george: So I have an ability where if I charge 10 feet, I get, actual D8.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, for example, if you moved… can you see… can you see the bottle field?
george: Nope.
george: Keeps reloading.
Kostadis Roussos: Nevermind here, I just showed it to you.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, can you see the screen?
george: Oh, I can see you both doing that.
george: Every lawyers.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, if you, if you can.
george: Excuse me?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so you're over here, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah. So you can move quite a bit, so you can, like, go over here and then charge. I mean, you've got lots of targets. The question is, which one do you want to target?
george: I'll charge this guy.
Kostadis Roussos: This guy?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: You charge this guy. Alright, go for it.
george: No, it's alright.
Kostadis Roussos: I moved calmer. Should have moved.
Kostadis Roussos: Calmer?
Kostadis Roussos: Zinnia. Alright, Zinnia.
george: What's his arm necklace?
Kostadis Roussos: 15.
george: I do.
george: Whatever…
george: I do 18% damage.
Kostadis Roussos: 18 points of damage?
george: Yep.
george: I'll do my extra tax.
george: I do…
george: 13 other points damage.
Kostadis Roussos: 13?
george: So, 30 total.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: corner.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, calmer.
Kostadis Roussos: Calmer currently is,
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Stop.
Kostadis Roussos: Let's change my sheet.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, spells… Alright, he's gonna use Toll the Dead.
Kostadis Roussos: On the creature.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, between… Creature makes its saving throw no damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Sequoia, Winter? Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Why do I… what did you roll for Nishivnik?
ncroussos: Ken.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you should go, you should go now.
ncroussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry, for some reason, I didn't have you in the initiative order, my bad.
ncroussos: 1, 2, 3, let's get rid of this guy.
ncroussos: Hit…
ncroussos: 17 points of damage?
Kostadis Roussos: You killed him.
ncroussos: Oh.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
ncroussos: And I'll go 1, 2… 3… I'll attack you. Alright, sorry.
ncroussos: Hold it.
ncroussos: Are the 12 hit?
Kostadis Roussos: Nope.
ncroussos: Alright, that's me for the round.
Kostadis Roussos: That's you for the round?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, this salamander… Uses one of its special abilities.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. You roll a… you take 7 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Unless…
ncroussos: Sure.
Kostadis Roussos: Unless you're resistant or something to fire, yes.
ncroussos: Alright.
ncroussos: Bevin?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, it attacks you… okay, so first it attempts to constrict you, so roll a DC15 saving throw strength.
ncroussos: Gang… Strength?
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
ncroussos: 16.
ncroussos: Best brother that I have a minus 1.
Thomas Kolivakis: Amazing.
Kostadis Roussos: I know… I know, it's just like, you guys' luck, it's just really irritating. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: You take 21 points of damage from his Flame Spear.
ncroussos: Why do you want?
Thomas Kolivakis: 21.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
ncroussos: Man, you can still have half my HP in one round.
Kostadis Roussos: You're gonna wanna stay as far away from these guys as possible.
Thomas Kolivakis: I'm staying close.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, this creature decides he's going to attack Calmer one more time.
Kostadis Roussos: Calmer makes the saving throw again. Okay, so he's giving up, and he's gonna move into attack with his, sword.
Kostadis Roussos: His spear, rather.
Kostadis Roussos: 817.
Kostadis Roussos: Good morning.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, just make sure I know I'm not doing anything stupid.
Kostadis Roussos: Reach 5 feet, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so Calmer takes, half damage from the fire, so he takes 18 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Takes 21 points of damage. Connor goes… That hurt.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just check what fire shield does fire shield con…
Kostadis Roussos: No, it is not a concentration spell, so the creature takes 2d8 points of damage, but because it is a cold-bearing creature, it takes 4d8 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: So, the creature did him 21 points, but it takes 22 from the cold.
Kostadis Roussos: After having taken 22 from the cold, the creature says.
Kostadis Roussos: decides to move away. And so that lets Calmer attack it with an attack of opportunity.
Kostadis Roussos: He uses his Mace of Smiting…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: And misses entirely. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Zephyr, you're up.
Thomas Kolivakis: Well, I just… I read through my features.
Thomas Kolivakis: And instead, I could get advantage by foregoing my bonus attack.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Thomas Kolivakis: Get a sneaker duck.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no, that's up, totally.
Kostadis Roussos: Good, good. I'm really pleased that you people are now reading your abilities.
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh, what did I say?
Kostadis Roussos: 15.
Thomas Kolivakis: I missed the first one.
Thomas Kolivakis: Alright, missed the second one.
Kostadis Roussos: You missed with a double… you missed with advantage both times?
Thomas Kolivakis: Do I have two attacks?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you do. You have two attacks, remember?
Thomas Kolivakis: But it says that one attack fraction.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, did you roll for the second attack?
Kostadis Roussos: Because you're using… you're a dual-wielder.
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh, okay, good, sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, sorry, take it back, you used your bonus action, you're right. Okay, so… Sequoia, Europe.
ncroussos: My mother.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. You may want to disengage.
ncroussos: You're right.
ncroussos: Disengage. Is that a bonus action, or…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, it's a bonus action.
ncroussos: Alright, all you.
ncroussos: I'll just disengage over here and ask for healing, cause I don't… I am about to get one-shotted.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, do you want to use… you can still attack, though, with your bow.
ncroussos: Oh, yeah.
ncroussos: Oh, attack.
Kostadis Roussos: This guy's injured, by the way.
ncroussos: document.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
ncroussos: Oh, wow, that's a critical myth, never mind.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Zinnia, Europe.
george: Good.
george: I'll go after…
Kostadis Roussos: This guy here.
george: This guy, this guy's 10 feet away, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, but he's not… he's, uninjured right now.
george: Did you go out through this game?
Kostadis Roussos: No.
Kostadis Roussos: But whatever you do, whatever you do, you want to not… B…
Kostadis Roussos: What's the word I'm looking for?
Kostadis Roussos: You don't… you want to be next to him, because he's got really scary abilities.
george: So I'll attack him and use my voice to, like, go away.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
george: I should attack him to use my bonus to run away?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. No, you can… yeah, you can do that, yeah.
george: that.
george: There's Aaron Classes 15.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
george: And do I get charged or not?
Kostadis Roussos: You can get charged, yeah.
george: Excellent.
george: I do 6 implicit damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Do 16 points of damage?
george: Yep.
george: And I'm gonna wait.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Where do you run away to?
Kostadis Roussos: You could move another 30 feet.
george: Like…
george: Thank you.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Calmer.
Kostadis Roussos: Sequoia, you said you needed some healing?
ncroussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Wait, when does Calmer do?
Kostadis Roussos: You chose to run over there, not towards me. That is a problem, Calmer says.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, I'll have to do it the other way.
Kostadis Roussos: Commerce as…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, let's see what features and traits I have.
Kostadis Roussos: What does he do?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, spells, you need to be healed, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: You get 15 hit points.
Kostadis Roussos: Nick?
ncroussos: Thank you.
Kostadis Roussos: You're welcome.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, that was his bonus action. Alright, what does he want to do for his action?
Kostadis Roussos: I cast a… cast a cantrip, I guess.
Kostadis Roussos: To all the dead is a good option.
Kostadis Roussos: Sicred Flame is Radiant Damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Idiots.
Kostadis Roussos: 16, huh?
Kostadis Roussos: 2020.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, and it takes, it takes, 16 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: And we will stop here, alright?
george: Alright.
Thomas Kolivakis: Deep fight.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Thomas Kolivakis: Easy fight.
Kostadis Roussos: Easy fights.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Thomas Kolivakis: Fire Temple, as to fear us.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean, the Fire Temple is doomed, I mean, you just guys just gotta avoid getting killed, is kind of my take on it.
Thomas Kolivakis: Yeah, that's true.
Kostadis Roussos: Huh?
Thomas Kolivakis: That's true.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just start calm.
Thomas Kolivakis: I had to throw in the water.
Kostadis Roussos: He asked!
Thomas Kolivakis: Maybe he's.
ncroussos: game, we don't throw… I like saying, hey, hey, hey, let's shoot a gun into the…
ncroussos: Gang, this is not…
Thomas Kolivakis: If he's the boss, he has to act like the boss.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, I see, I see, I see. So that's the argument we're using. He's like, amateur hour boss, like, you know, this is what happens when you promote somebody above their qualifications, right?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yep, yep, guess they're in this place.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah. Okay.
ncroussos: I gotta head out and get ready, so… you guys later.
george: Bye-bye. Bye.